hello my friends welcome to my review
and tutorial yes I said tutorial walk
with the Alice Through the Looking Glass
palette I shall know I don't really do
tutorials because I'm more review kind
of girl but I figure if I can put a
tutorial in there if I can actually get
good at doing tutorials it'll just kind
of enhance my reviews so that's kind of
why I'm going there let's go ahead and
just start talking about this palette as
a whole so it's sixty books which is a
lot for any palette before we continue I
do want to let me get my dog out of here
hold on a second
so for your sixty bucks you're paying
for packaging is what it comes down to
this packaging is gorgeous but it's
cardboard and plastic so keep that in
mind it's just beautifully designed so
you've got this mirror here which is a
very nice little mirror it says we're
all mad here on there which I love
you've also got this little we'll see
one thing one thing I don't like already
is when I open it up the tray just falls
out so what I'm gonna do while I show
you the inner package is I'm just gonna
take the tray out which I do like that
it comes out just comes out really
easily if you're holding up the box so
here it says I'm not strange weird off
nor crazy my reality is just different
from yours and I do feel like that's
true about me I love Alice in Wonderland
it's just it's one of my favorite
concepts overall so inside you've got
this plastic butterfly that pops out
when you open the doors it's got a
little pull tab here that stretches the
butterfly out so that it kind of flaps
its wings as you open the door so I mean
it's it's absolutely gorgeous these are
magnetic closure which is very nice I do
wish that there was some kind of magnet
that held this in place in the back so
that didn't slip out so easily because
it really does come out easily it's kind
of the old-school Urban Decay packaging
from when I first started buying Urban
Decay but anyway so it does come also
with a brush this brush is dual sided
this one is supposed to be for packing
on color on your lid this is
a blending slash crease brush I do wish
that this was slightly larger I feel
like it takes a while for it to pack
onto the lids I do really like the
blending crease brush though this one is
very good it is kind of stiff though so
it's going to be more for putting color
into the crease it's not my favorite for
blending I do like a fluffier brush for
blending okay I did rough swatches down
my arm of the entire palette now I want
you to keep in mind that these brush
swatches is I have hair on my arm
there's no hair on my eyelids at least I
hope so the way they swatch on the arm
may be different than the way that they
go on to the eye also I have no primer
on my arm this is without primer it's
just kind of a general idea of how these
are to apply with a brush if you look at
the packaging on the back it tells you
that each one of these rows goes with
the characters the first row is the
Alice row the second row is Mad Hatter
third row is Mira Marana I'm butchering
these names Marana and then the third
row is erase the Beth erase the best a
row Arase Beth a row I don't know but
the Red Queen so this is the white queen
this is the Red Queen and then this is
time over here so what i did was i
swatched each one in its little family
so let me get you up close okay so you
can see the four shades there or the
Alice shades the next four are the Mad
Hatter next for White Queen next for Red
Queen and then the last four are time so
within this I definitely see some shades
that are going to be a little more
difficult to work with and ones that are
super pigmented the ones that I really
feel like are going to be pretty easy to
work with are that these two Alice
shades have a lot of pigmentation I feel
like Dormouse and metamorphosis are have
a lot of pigmentation now I feel like
reflection is going to be really nice as
well
looking glass is a little bit weak but
it is a lighter color so you know take
it like that the shades here in the mad
are definitely all super pigmented and
they went on really nicely now I've used
Lily on the lid Lily looks really
beautiful on the lid but it does take
some building and you might want to use
it base with it to get it to fully show
the full effect it's a white with a pink
duochrome shift in it and it can be
beautiful it's not swatching very well
here the other shades in the white queen
look very very nice they're more like
their neutral set the ones down here are
the ones that I've used on the eyes
today so we've got heads will roll
Bandersnatch Salizar um and royal flush
now royal flush is a little bit patchy
to go on it's definitely not my favorite
in the palette I do have that all over
my lid today you'll see that in the
tutorial in a minute but it's I mean
it's kind of okay it's definitely not my
favorite but the rest of them you'll see
how they apply they applied beautifully
and then with the time shades the time
shades also apply pretty well except for
the dream on shade now the dream on
shade in that typical Urban Decay chunky
glitter shade that's really difficult to
work with but that's the only one I feel
like it's super difficult to work with
as far as the swatching goes I haven't
tried dream on on my eyes so I can't
really speak to it a hundred percent but
just touching it if you've touched an
Urban Decay chunky shadow you know
exactly what I'm talking about it's one
of those but other than that I mean they
really are I need to totally put a lot
of love into this palette I mean whoever
designed this really thought it out they
spent a lot of time on the quality of
the shadows and I really feel like if
this is calling to you that this is
gonna be a good one for you I'm gonna go
ahead and show you the tutorial now so
you can see this robe in action and
maybe a possible way that you might want
to apply it now I would never go out of
the house looking like this but you can
calm it down using some of the
techniques that I show you so go ahead
watch this tutorial and I'll be back
talk to you a little bit more about it
in a minute
alright so I'm completely and totally
terrified doing this tutorial because
I've no whatever no idea what I'm doing
but we're just gonna have a little bit
of fun and see where it goes so this is
the row that I'm going to be using and I
don't even know how to say her name but
it's spell like I race Beth it for Beth
there's something like that it's the Red
Queen okay have you've never seen a
picture of the Red Queen from Alice in
Wonderland here it is I'm not gonna look
like that like that is not there's
there's no inspiration there for an
actual look so I'm just gonna kind of go
with it and we're gonna start off with
the NYX jumbo eye pencil note because I
know I want this shadow to pop so let's
go ahead and just start there
okay so I'm looking up Yahoo Answers and
Yahoo Answers says dearest back
arrested ah irate irascible your acid I
can't see what I give up okay Yahoo
Answers didn't help me that much but I'm
hoping I'll be able to pull off this
palette so I'm gonna use all beauty
junkies brushes because I believe in
them so fully we're gonna go ahead and
start with the all-over shader brush and
we're gonna use royal flush down here as
a base and as I do this I'm doing gonna
do both eyes but I'm only gonna show you
as I do want I because it just takes too
long and it's this exact same thing on
the other eye
I always think it's creepy to see
somebody that's only done one eye and
then the other eyes not done like I
always think it which looks absolutely
so stinkin weird so I'm not doing that
like that this my channel I do this how
I won't
okay I'm gonna break into the Naked
basics 2 palette for my crease color
because what I found is that I feel like
dormouse dormouse house dormouse has a
little bit of glitter in it and then
chess board is a little bit dark for a
transition and I want something a little
bit lighter so I'm gonna go ahead and
use clover here from the Urban Decay
Naked 2 basics palette but you could
really use a bronzer there's so many
different shades that are light clover
don't feel like you need this palette to
do this
so just above that transition I'm gonna
try salicin drama this one right here
and that was the pro crease brush by
beauty junkies now we're gonna go into
the probe detailer brush and we're gonna
add in the shade that I'm most excited
about which is heads will roll right
there okay now without wiping off my
brush I'm going to dip back into a royal
flush and I'm a cross over top of that
lime to kind of blend it a little I'm
going to go back in with the pro crease
brush and I'm going to go into
Bandersnatch just a touch touch touch
because I can tell this is super
pigmented just a touch on the corner
right here topping it right there now
we're gonna clean up this edge later so
I'm not concerned about it right now I'm
gonna go back in with Bandersnatch but
I'm gonna use the pro pencil brush
instead and I'm just rolling that in the
product just kind of giving it a roll
and then tapping off any excess and
bringing that up just slightly into the
crease
now I'm gonna take it and I'm gonna V it
out just a little bit out into the
corner and then just blend with this
clean fluffy brush this is the tapered
blending just a little bloody want to
over blend I'm gonna take royal flush
again that's champagne I kind of swirl
this this tapered blending in there
and then just put that in the inner
corner for a little highlight okay for
the lower lash line I want to use the
same pencil brush and I'm going to dip
it in Bandersnatch and use that to line
the lower lash line now I'm only gonna
go just a little tiny bit Oh a dog's
jingle jangling hey buddy hi hi did you
come join me for my tutorial ci Sam you
joining in on the tutorial you can see
the mess on my floor
ah hi buddy hi buddy are you doing that
his hand on my lap look I'm wearing
pajama pants I won't use the red shade
which is the salicin Grum shade I'm not
gonna use that on my lower lash line
because I feel like that will make it
look kind of bloody so I'm gonna take a
little bit of heads will roll and put
that in the center I like to have this
is just a personal thing I really like
my my lower lash line matches my upper
lid I think it looks cool just a little
bit there and this is totally optional
if you want a more natural look of
course you won't go here and then I'm
gonna use royal flush to breaking up
bill it relaxing and I'm gonna run royal
flush all the way across all right so
now it's time to clean it up a little
bit and what I like to use is these
pointy q-tips I get mine at Ulta and
then I use my Bioderma but you can use
any kind of makeup remover you want and
I use this instead of tape I just prefer
this to tape I don't like the way it
feels on my face
I'm really
textural when it comes to my skin I
don't like things that feel weird on my
skin so this is the way I choose to
clean things up so what I do is I just
kind of point toward the edge and just
wipe and it takes it right off so that
is the finished eye shadow look I'm
gonna go ahead and put on my liner and
my mascara and my lashes and all and the
rest of my face and I'll be right back
alright so here is the finished look for
things else that I put on my face I use
my ELF contour palette for my contour
for blush I use the model Co blush in a
peach Bellini and then for eyelashes i'm
using my inky mickey eyelashes and it's
secret and then for lips i use my new
mani mu a lip products in charmed all
over and then I used Ares in the center
to pop out my lips so that's kind of how
the finish looked wet I hope you liked
it as far as a review of the palette so
far I am really really loving it I own a
few Urban Decay vice palette and I feel
like this one definitely in quality of
shadow is definitely beating my voice
palettes quite a bit I just feel like
that there's there's very few duds in
here the only one that I've found so far
that seems to lack an impressive quality
is dream on
it's just varying that typical Urban
Decay glittery shadow that is just
really difficult to work with I haven't
used it on my eyes yet but I can just I
can touch it and I feel that grit it's
like oh no not another one of those you
know what I'm saying if you tried an
urban decay palette you probably know
what I'm talking about so this one I'm
really nervous about but again I have a
try on the eyes yet I tried quite a few
other shadows in this palette and so far
just a blend ability and the
pigmentation is really fantastic I do
feel like the palette overall is quite
overpriced I mean you're paying for the
packaging really I mean you're paying of
the price of an urban decay palette plus
you're paying about ten bucks for this
beautiful miss with the butterfly and
all that stuff so people are gonna ask
me Jen is this palette worth the price
and this is my question to you do you
think this is really pretty
did you really like these colors if yes
the answer is yes
you could care less about packaging and
if you won't wear these colors then no
it is not worth 60 bucks I mean I think
the value to me it's worth $60 to me I
don't know is it I can't even I wish it
was 40 you know like just because
spending $60 an eyeshadow palette is
quite a lot but the thing is is this
Alice in Wonderland on that love Alice
in Wonderland they just sucked me in
they stuck me in with the packaging I'm
very happy I have it the $60 still makes
me cringe though I have to tell you
still makes me cringe it's a toy for me
this is a toy and I like this toy and
I'm happy with it so if you want to
totally like this and it seems like
something for you I definitely recommend
it so that's my review of the Alice in
Wonderland through the looking-glass
palette overall just really enjoying it
so far looking forward to playing with
it some more I want to thank you guys so
much for watching this tutorial I guess
you know if you watch my channel I don't
do tutorials so I'd appreciate any
advice you may have for me on my
tutorial ability things that I can do
better I'm always looking to improve my
channel so I'd appreciate any advice you
have for me and I want to thank you so
much for watching the video I appreciate
it if you're not already subscribed you
enjoy make sure you click the subscribe
button and if you want to see more
tutorials definitely let me know that in
the comments down below as well so I
want to thank you again for watching mad
love and I'll see you soon